WebSocket API {#mod_websock-api_main}
=====================================

@brief Expose a web-socket based API to Leosac.

[TOC]

Introduction {#mod_websock-api_intro}
=======================================

The module expose Leosac's internals and various information
through a websocket API.
This API is intended to be mostly consumed by a web interface.


API Documentation {#mod_websock-api_doc}
==========================================

This parts describe the API provided by the module.

The websocket API is asynchronous. Requests are identified by a UUID generated
by the client, and the response will re-use this UUID to indicate a response
that match said request.

Opportunistic messages from server (aka not a response to a request) will
also use an UUID, this time generated by the server.


General fully public API {#mod_websock-api_public}
--------------------------------------------------

This parts of the API is fully public, meaning that it doesn't require
authentication in order to issue requests.

   + [get_leosac_version](@ref Leosac::Module::WebSockAPI::API::get_leosac_version)
     Retrieve the version of the running server.


Authentication {#mod_websock-api_authentication}
------------------------------------------------

To do pretty much anything against Leosac you need to authenticate.

   + [create_auth_token](@ref Leosac::Module::WebSockAPI::API::create_auth_token):
     Create an authentication token from user/password credential.
   + [authenticate_with_token](@ref Leosac::Module::WebSockAPI::API::authenticate_with_token):
     Authenticate with a previously generated token.
   + [logout](@ref Leosac::Module::WebSockAPI::API::logout):
     Cancel authentication status and destroy token.
   

General API {#mod_websock-api_general}
---------------------------------------

These API method are available to authenticated clients.

   + [system_overview](@ref Leosac::Module::WebSockAPI::API::system_overview):
     Retrieve general information about the system.
   + [get_logs](@ref Leosac::Module::WebSockAPI::API::get_logs):
     Retrieve logs generated by the Leosac server.
